---
page_title: "Guide to Handling the Default Value Breaking Changes in version 24.11.1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
---

# Guide to Handling Breaking Changes in New Version Upgrades
Upgrading to a new version of a provider can sometimes introduce breaking changes that require updates to your Terraform configuration. This guide will help you navigate these changes and ensure a smooth upgrade process. One common scenario is when the default value of a parameter changes in the new version. In such cases, you should update your resource file with the original value of that parameter to prevent unintended resource recreation.

## Overview
When upgrading to a new version of a provider, it is essential to review the release notes and documentation to identify any breaking changes. This guide provides a step-by-step approach to handle such changes, with a specific focus on updating parameter default values.

### Steps to Handle Breaking Changes

#### Default Value Change
* Check the CHANGELOG.md and identify any breaking changes.
* Identify affected resource
* Retrieve the original parameter values
For parameters with changed default values, retrieve the original values from your Terraform state file. This ensures that the Terraform run will not change the original connector and prevent resource recreation.
* Update the Terraform configuration
Update your Terraform resource files with the original values of the affected parameters. This ensures that the Terraform run will not change the original connector and prevent resource recreation.

#### Example of the default value change
***The default value of the `instance_type` on the resource `netapp-cloudmanager_connector_aws` is changed***

##### Original Terraform Configuration
```
resource "netapp-cloudmanager_connector_aws" "aws_connector" {
    provider = "netapp-cloud-manager"
    # other configuration
}
```
##### Update Terraform Configuration:
```
resource "netapp-cloudmanager_connector_aws" "aws_connector" {
    provider = "netapp-cloud-manager"
    instance_type = "t3.xlarge"   # Original value from the state file
    # other configuration
}
```

