---
page_title: "Guide to Handling the Default Value Breaking Changes in version 27.0.0"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
---

# Guide to Handling Breaking Changes in New Version Upgrades
Upgrading to a new version of a provider can sometimes introduce breaking changes that require updates to your Terraform configuration. This guide will help you navigate these changes and ensure a smooth upgrade process. In 27.0.0 version, `instance_type` attribute is marked as `Required` instead of `Optional` and `Default` value has been removed for this attribute. This guide will help you to navigate this scenario for your existing CVOs since they might break after this release. For new CVOs, this won't lead to any breaking changes. 

## Overview
When upgrading to a new version of a provider, it is essential to review the release notes and documentation to identify any breaking changes. This guide provides a step-by-step approach to handle such changes, with a specific focus on updating parameter default values.

### Steps to Handle Breaking Changes

#### Default Value Change
* Check the CHANGELOG.md and identify any breaking changes.
* Identify affected resource
* Retrieve the original parameter values
For parameters with changed default values, retrieve the original values from your Terraform state file. This ensures that the Terraform run will not change the original connector and prevent resource recreation.
* Update the Terraform configuration
Update your Terraform resource files with the original values of the affected parameters. This ensures that the Terraform run will not change the original connector and prevent resource recreation.

#### Example of the default value removal and making `instance_type` as Required
## Behaviour for Existing CVOs

*** The default value of the `instance_type` on the resource `netapp-cloudmanager_cvo_azure` and `netapp-cloudmanager_cvo_gcp` is removed and it is marked as `Required` instead of `Optional`***

##### Original Terraform Configuration
```
resource "netapp-cloudmanager_cvo_azure" "aws_connector" {
    provider = "netapp-cloud-manager"
    # other configuration 
    # here we didn't specify `instance_type` since it is currently optional and has a Default value
}
```
##### Update Terraform Configuration: 
***After 27.0.0 version is released, `instance_type` will become `Required` and there will be no Default value. Below example depicts how to handle this situation for existing Azure/GCP CVOs ***
```
resource "netapp-cloudmanager_cvo_azure" "aws_connector" {
    provider = "netapp-cloud-manager"
    instance_type = "t3.xlarge"   # Original value from the state file
    # other configuration
}
```

## Behaviour for New CVOs creation
*** There wouldn't be impact for new CVO creation for Azure and GCP. Users just have to make sure to specify `instance_type` in their resource blocks and CVO creation will work successfully***

